(Samples) Transfer in (#231)
OfficeDev/office-scripts-docs: docs/resources/samples/email-chart-image.md

---

> title: 'Email a chart image'

Reviewer: The sample does two things, so let's include them both.
```suggestion
title: 'Email chart and table images'
```

description: 'Learn how to use Office Scripts and Power Automate to extract and email an image of an Excel chart.'
ms.date: 03/04/2021
localization_priority: Normal
---

# Use Office Scripts and Power Automate to email chart and table images

> This sample uses Office Scripts and Power Automate actions to create a chart and send that chart as an image by email.

Reviewer: Same chart+table vibe.
```suggestion
This sample uses Office Scripts and Power Automate to create a chart. It then sends images of the chart and it's base table through email.
```

## Example scenario

* Calculate to get latest results.
* Create chart.
* Get chart and table images.

> * Email the images to recipient using Power Automate action.

Reviewer: Suggestion for brevity.
```suggestion
* Email the images with Power Automate.
```

_Input data_

![Input data](../../images/input-data.png)

_Output chart_

![Chart created](../../images/chart-created.png)

_Email that was received through Power Automate flow_

![Email received](../../images/email-received.png)

## Solution

> The solution has 2 parts:

Reviewer: Let's use words instead of numbers here.
```suggestion
This solution has two parts:
```

---
title: 'Email a chart image'
description: 'Learn how to use Office Scripts and Power Automate to extract and email an image of an Excel chart.'
ms.date: 03/04/2021
localization_priority: Normal
---

# Use Office Scripts and Power Automate to email chart and table images

This sample uses Office Scripts and Power Automate actions to create a chart and send that chart as an image by email.

## Example scenario

* Calculate to get latest results.
* Create chart.
* Get chart and table images.
* Email the images to recipient using Power Automate action.

## Screenshots

### Input data

![Input data](../../images/input-data.png)

### Output chart

![Chart created](../../images/chart-created.png)

## Email that was received through Power Automate flow

![Email received](../../images/email-received.png)

## Solution

The solution has 2 parts:

> 1. [An Office Script to calculate and extract Excel chart and table.](#office-script)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. [An Office Script to calculate and extract Excel chart and table](#office-script)
```

> 1. A Power Automate flow to invoke script and email the results.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. A Power Automate flow to invoke script and email the results
```

## Office Script

The following script calculates and extracts an Excel chart and table.

Download the sample file <a href="email-chart-table.xlsx">email-chart-table.xlsx</a> and use it with this script to try it out yourself!

> ```TypeScript

Author: Yeah, I had received this feedback before. We're tracking with this item: 4958338
